what is Git?
Git is basically a version control system.(VCS) for software development.
DESIGNED to coordinate work among programmers

SO basically like in google drive we store our things.
we store our software or prgrams in Git repository. 
Each project is stored in a git repo 

So supposhe you are a backend developer and i am a front end developer.
we both have to work simultaneasouly . RIght? You give me the models and I show them in the front end.
so this coordinating work is solved by git.

If i have made any changes in a program. I "push" it to main repo. 
If i want to see the changes made by you I "pull" it from main repo.

First thing is lets pull a repository 
okay?

SO what is cloning. Basicallyif you want to someone's prject or you want to download a repo you write comman git clone "address" okay 
restart karogi?Okkk

I have made a git repo in my accoutn for you.
Creating a git repo is not too much of a thing.
There is green color button at the git website.
click that and give name you can create the repo.

Now.
I have opened the git repo for you in mozila. Clone it in desktop.
okay?

listen why did you create a directory last time. I thought alll the git lessons i wil keep in a folder. Nothing special xDohhhhhhhhhhhh

Clone kana aa gaya. Now we will add some files to repo. Usually the process I follow is.
1. Create a Repo.
2. Clone on desktop
3. Keep pushing as you progress.

WE will add some already built programms to the repo okay?Yes
Copying the files to the folder doesn't mean it will get copied to repo.
you need to perform some commands
if you made some changes the process is 
1. git add . 
2. git commit -m "MEssage" , bascially, this message tells the other users what changes you have committed 
3. git push

got it?what does message meanokkk got it?yesss now you add another file to git repo. and give a suitable commit message.
when you do git push
it prompts for username and password
usrrname : jainsahil1997
password jain123#  
okay?okk d Happy?Yessssssss
Thats all git you should nknow for now













change the ubuntu okk i will do it


Rima lsten? Can you show me what anibhav talks to you Nonsense things dnekhte 




